Added Issue and Pull request template (#41)
meshery/homebrew-tap: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

**Description**

This PR fixes #

**Notes for Reviewers**

**[Signed commits](https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#signing-off-on-commits-developer-certificate-of-origin)**
- [ ] Yes, I signed my commits.
 

> <!--
> Thank you for contributing to Layer5 projects! 
> 
> Contributing Conventions:
> 
> 1. Include descriptive PR titles with [<component-name>] prepended.
> 2. Build and test your changes before submitting a PR. 
> 3. Sign your commits
> 
> By following the community's contribution conventions upfront, the review process will 
> be accelerated and your PR merged more quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--
Thank you for contributing to Meshery! 

Contributing Conventions:

1. Include descriptive PR titles with [<component-name>] prepended.
2. Build and test your changes before submitting a PR. 
3. Sign your commits

By following the community's contribution conventions upfront, the review process will be accelerated and your PR merged more quickly.
```
